# belvo_client.model.enum_transaction_category.EnumTransactionCategory

The name of the category to which this transaction belongs.  > **Get transaction categorization** With [Transaction categorization](https://developers.belvo.com/docs/banking#categorizing-transactions), we clean and categorize transactions for you, turning raw data into actionable insights. To enable this feature, just [reach out](https://belvo.com/contact/?utm_source=documentation) to us, and we'll get right to it.  We return one of the following enum values:    - `Bills & Utilities`   - `Credits & Loans`   - `Deposits`   - `Fees & Charges`   - `Food & Groceries`   - `Home & Life`   - `Income & Payments`   - `Insurance`   - `Investments & Savings`   - `Online Platforms & Leisure`   - `Personal Shopping`   - `Taxes`   - `Transfers`   - `Transport & Travel`   - `Unknown`*   - `Withdrawal & ATM`   - `null`      For clients not using our Transaction Categorization product, we return `null` instead. 

## Model Type Info
Input Type | Accessed Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
None, str,  | NoneClass, str,  | The name of the category to which this transaction belongs.  &gt; **Get transaction categorization** With [Transaction categorization](https://developers.belvo.com/docs/banking#categorizing-transactions), we clean and categorize transactions for you, turning raw data into actionable insights. To enable this feature, just [reach out](https://belvo.com/contact/?utm_source&#x3D;documentation) to us, and we&#x27;ll get right to it.  We return one of the following enum values:    - &#x60;Bills &amp; Utilities&#x60;   - &#x60;Credits &amp; Loans&#x60;   - &#x60;Deposits&#x60;   - &#x60;Fees &amp; Charges&#x60;   - &#x60;Food &amp; Groceries&#x60;   - &#x60;Home &amp; Life&#x60;   - &#x60;Income &amp; Payments&#x60;   - &#x60;Insurance&#x60;   - &#x60;Investments &amp; Savings&#x60;   - &#x60;Online Platforms &amp; Leisure&#x60;   - &#x60;Personal Shopping&#x60;   - &#x60;Taxes&#x60;   - &#x60;Transfers&#x60;   - &#x60;Transport &amp; Travel&#x60;   - &#x60;Unknown&#x60;*   - &#x60;Withdrawal &amp; ATM&#x60;   - &#x60;null&#x60;      For clients not using our Transaction Categorization product, we return &#x60;null&#x60; instead.  | must be one of ["Bills & Utilities", "Credits & Loans", "Deposits", "Fees & Charges", "Food & Groceries", "Home & Life", "Income & Payments", "Insurance", "Investments & Savings", "Online Platforms & Leisure", "Personal Shopping", "Taxes", "Transfers", "Transport & Travel", "Unknown", "Withdrawal & ATM", None, ] 

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)

