# belvo_client.model.links_request.LinksRequest

## Model Type Info
Input Type | Accessed Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
dict, frozendict.frozendict,  | frozendict.frozendict,  |  | 

### Dictionary Keys
Key | Input Type | Accessed Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**institution** | str,  | str,  | The Belvo name for the institution. | 
**username** | str,  | str,  | The end-user&#x27;s username (or ID) used to log in to the institution. | 
**password** | str,  | str,  | The end-user&#x27;s password used to log in to the institution.  ℹ️ **Note**: You must send through a password for all institutions except for IMSS (&#x60;imss_mx_employment&#x60;).  | [optional] 
**external_id** | str,  | str,  | An additional identifier for the link, provided by you, to store in the Belvo database. **Cannot** include any Personal Identifiable Information (PII). **Must** be at least three characters long.  If we identify that the identifier contains PII, we will force a &#x60;null&#x60; value. For more information, see our [Link creation article](https://developers.belvo.com/docs/link-creation-best-practices#adding-your-own-identifier). | [optional] 
**username2** | str,  | str,  | The end-user&#x27;s second username (or email address) used to log in to the institution.  ℹ️ This is only required by some institutions. To know which institutions require a second username, get the [details](https://developers.belvo.com/reference/detailinstitution) for the institution and check the &#x60;form_fields&#x60; array in the response.  | [optional] 
**username3** | str,  | str,  | The end-user&#x27;s third username used to log in to the institution.  ℹ️ This is only required by some institutions. To know which institutions require a third username, get the [details](https://developers.belvo.com/reference/detailinstitution) for the institution and check the &#x60;form_fields&#x60; array in the response.  | [optional] 
**password2** | str,  | str,  | The end-user&#x27;s second password used to log in to the institution.  ℹ️ This is only required by some institutions. To know which institutions require a second password, get the [details](https://developers.belvo.com/reference/detailinstitution) for the institution and check the &#x60;form_fields&#x60; array in the response.  | [optional] 
**token** | str,  | str,  | The MFA token required by the bank to log in.  We do not recommend sending the authentication token in the same request as registering the user. See our [Handling multi-factor authentication](https://developers.belvo.com/docs/handling-2-factor-authentication) article for more information and best practices.  | [optional] 
**access_mode** | [**EnumLinkAccessModeRequest**](EnumLinkAccessModeRequest.md) | [**EnumLinkAccessModeRequest**](EnumLinkAccessModeRequest.md) |  | [optional] 
**fetch_historical** | bool,  | BoolClass,  | Indicates whether or not to retrieve historical information for the link or not. For links where &#x60;access_mode&#x3D;single&#x60;, the default is &#x60;false&#x60;. For links where &#x60;access_mode&#x3D;recurrent&#x60; this is hardcoded to &#x60;true&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**credentials_storage** | str,  | str,  | Indicates whether or not to store credentials (and the duration for which to store the credentials). By default, this is set to &#x60;store&#x60;. For links where &#x60;access_mode&#x3D;recurrent&#x60;, this must be set to &#x60;store&#x60;.  Choose either:   - &#x60;store&#x60; to store credentials   - &#x60;nostore&#x60; to not store credentials   - &#x60;30d&#x60; to store credentials only for 30 days  | [optional] 
**username_type** | str,  | str,  | Type of document to be used as a username.  Some banking institutions accept different documents to be used as the &#x60;username&#x60; to login. For example, the *Cédula de Ciudadanía*, *Cédula de Extranjería*, *Pasaporte&#x27;*, and so on.  For banks that require a document to log in, you **must** provide the &#x60;username_type&#x60; parameter to specify which document is used when creating the link.  ℹ️ To know which institutions require the &#x60;username_type&#x60; parameter, get the [details](https://developers.belvo.com/reference/detailinstitution) for the institution and check the &#x60;form_fields&#x60; array in the response.  For a list of standards codes, see the table below.  | Code | Description | |-----------|-------| | &#x60;001&#x60; | Cédula de Ciudadanía | | &#x60;002&#x60; | Cédula de Extranjería | | &#x60;003&#x60; | Pasaporte | | &#x60;004&#x60; | Tarjeta de Identidad | | &#x60;005&#x60; | Registro Civil | | &#x60;006&#x60; | Número Identificación Personal | | &#x60;020&#x60; | NIT | | &#x60;021&#x60; | NIT Persona Natural | | &#x60;022&#x60; | NIT Persona Extranjera | | &#x60;023&#x60; | NIT Persona Jurídica | | &#x60;024&#x60; | NIT Menores | | &#x60;025&#x60; | NIT Desasociado | | &#x60;030&#x60; | Trj. Seguro Social Extranjero | | &#x60;031&#x60; | Sociedad Extranjera sin NIT en Colombia | | &#x60;032&#x60; | Fideicomiso | | &#x60;033&#x60; | RIF Venezuela | | &#x60;034&#x60; | CIF | | &#x60;035&#x60; | Número de Identidad | | &#x60;036&#x60; | RTN | | &#x60;037&#x60; | Cédula de Identidad | | &#x60;038&#x60; | DIMEX | | &#x60;039&#x60; | CED | | &#x60;040&#x60; | PAS | | &#x60;041&#x60; | Documento Único de Identidad | | &#x60;042&#x60; | NIT Salvadoreño | | &#x60;100&#x60; | Agência e conta | | &#x60;101&#x60; | Código do operador | | &#x60;102&#x60; | Cartão de crédito | | &#x60;103&#x60; | CPF |  | [optional] 
**certificate** | str,  | str,  | For certain fiscal institutions, it is possible to log in using a certificate and a private key, which enables a faster connection to the institution.  Belvo supports a base64 encoded &#x60;certificate&#x60;. If the &#x60;certificate&#x60; parameter is used, you *must* also provide the &#x60;private_key&#x60; parameter.  | [optional] 
**private_key** | str,  | str,  | For certain fiscal institutions, it is possible to log in using a certificate and a private key, which enables a faster connection to the institution.  Belvo supports a base64 encoded &#x60;private_key&#x60;. If the &#x60;private_key&#x60; parameter is used, you *must* also provide the &#x60;certificate&#x60; parameter.  | [optional] 
**any_string_name** | dict, frozendict.frozendict, str, date, datetime, int, float, bool, decimal.Decimal, None, list, tuple, bytes, io.FileIO, io.BufferedReader | frozendict.frozendict, str, BoolClass, decimal.Decimal, NoneClass, tuple, bytes, FileIO | any string name can be used but the value must be the correct type | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)

