# belvo_client.model.patch_payment_method_details_pse.PatchPaymentMethodDetailsPse

Object with required fields to fill information in the payment intent object. The information you need to send through depends on the next step Belvo returns in the response.

## Model Type Info
Input Type | Accessed Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
dict, frozendict.frozendict,  | frozendict.frozendict,  | Object with required fields to fill information in the payment intent object. The information you need to send through depends on the next step Belvo returns in the response. | 

### Dictionary Keys
Key | Input Type | Accessed Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**payer_institution** | str, uuid.UUID,  | str,  | Belvo&#x27;s unique identifier for the payer’s institution.  **Note**: You need to send through this information after you received the &#x60;pse_display_payment_method_information&#x60; next step in the payment intent. | [optional] value must be a uuid
**username** | str,  | str,  | The username used to log in to the institution.  **Note**: You need to send through this information after you received the &#x60;pse_display_credentials_required&#x60; next step in the payment intent. | [optional] 
**password** | str,  | str,  | The password used to log in to the institution.  **Note**: You need to send through this information after you received the &#x60;pse_display_credentials_required&#x60; next step in the payment intent. | [optional] 
**payer_token** | str,  | str,  | The MFA token generated by the institution and required to continue the payment flow.  **Note**: You need to send through this information if you received the &#x60;pse_display_token_required&#x60; next step in the payment intent. | [optional] 
**payer_bank_account** | str, uuid.UUID,  | str,  | Belvo&#x27;s unique identifier for the payer’s bank account.  **Note**: You need to send through this information after you received the &#x60;pse_display_customer_bank_accounts&#x60; next step in the payment intent. | [optional] value must be a uuid
**any_string_name** | dict, frozendict.frozendict, str, date, datetime, int, float, bool, decimal.Decimal, None, list, tuple, bytes, io.FileIO, io.BufferedReader | frozendict.frozendict, str, BoolClass, decimal.Decimal, NoneClass, tuple, bytes, FileIO | any string name can be used but the value must be the correct type | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)

