# belvo_client.model.risk_insights_transaction_metrics.RiskInsightsTransactionMetrics

Aggregated metrics calculated band on the user's transactions from checking, savings, credit card, and loan accounts.

## Model Type Info
Input Type | Accessed Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
dict, frozendict.frozendict, None,  | frozendict.frozendict, NoneClass,  | Aggregated metrics calculated band on the user&#x27;s transactions from checking, savings, credit card, and loan accounts. | 

### Dictionary Keys
Key | Input Type | Accessed Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**mean_incoming_amount_1w** | None, decimal.Decimal, int, float,  | NoneClass, decimal.Decimal,  | The mean incoming value of all transactions in the last week.  | value must be a 32 bit float
**max_outgoing_amount_1m** | None, decimal.Decimal, int, float,  | NoneClass, decimal.Decimal,  | The highest value outflow transaction in the last month.  | value must be a 32 bit float
**max_outgoing_amount_3m** | None, decimal.Decimal, int, float,  | NoneClass, decimal.Decimal,  | The highest value outflow transaction in the last three months.  | value must be a 32 bit float
**mean_incoming_amount_1m** | None, decimal.Decimal, int, float,  | NoneClass, decimal.Decimal,  | The mean incoming value of all transactions in the last month.  | value must be a 32 bit float
**num_incoming_transactions_1w** | decimal.Decimal, int,  | decimal.Decimal,  | The total number of inflow transactions for the last week.  ℹ️ **Note**: If there are no transactions between the request date and the last seven or thirty days, the value is &#x60;0&#x60;.  If the account has not been open long enough to have the transaction data for a given period, we return &#x60;null&#x60;. For example, if the account has only been open for five days, we return values for &#x60;_1w&#x60; and &#x60;_1m&#x60;, however, the value for &#x60;_3m&#x60; will be &#x60;null&#x60;.  | if omitted the server will use the default value of 0value must be a 32 bit integer
**num_outgoing_transactions_1w** | decimal.Decimal, int,  | decimal.Decimal,  | To total number of outflow transactions in the last week.  ℹ️ **Note**: If there are no transactions between the request date and the last seven or thirty days, the value is &#x60;0&#x60;.  If the account has not been open long enough to have the transaction data for a given period, we return &#x60;null&#x60;. For example, if the account has only been open for five days, we return values for &#x60;_1w&#x60; and &#x60;_1m&#x60;, however, the value for &#x60;_3m&#x60; will be &#x60;null&#x60;.  | if omitted the server will use the default value of 0value must be a 32 bit integer
**mean_incoming_amount_3m** | None, decimal.Decimal, int, float,  | NoneClass, decimal.Decimal,  | The mean incoming value of all transactions in the last three months.  | value must be a 32 bit float
**num_outgoing_transactions_3m** | decimal.Decimal, int,  | decimal.Decimal,  | To total number of outflow transactions in the last three months.  ℹ️ **Note**: If there are no transactions between the request date and the last seven or thirty days, the value is &#x60;0&#x60;.  If the account has not been open long enough to have the transaction data for a given period, we return &#x60;null&#x60;. For example, if the account has only been open for five days, we return values for &#x60;_1w&#x60; and &#x60;_1m&#x60;, however, the value for &#x60;_3m&#x60; will be &#x60;null&#x60;.  | if omitted the server will use the default value of 0value must be a 32 bit integer
**num_outgoing_transactions_1m** | decimal.Decimal, int,  | decimal.Decimal,  | To total number of outflow transactions in the last month.  ℹ️ **Note**: If there are no transactions between the request date and the last seven or thirty days, the value is &#x60;0&#x60;.  If the account has not been open long enough to have the transaction data for a given period, we return &#x60;null&#x60;. For example, if the account has only been open for five days, we return values for &#x60;_1w&#x60; and &#x60;_1m&#x60;, however, the value for &#x60;_3m&#x60; will be &#x60;null&#x60;.  | if omitted the server will use the default value of 0value must be a 32 bit integer
**sum_incoming_amount_1w** | None, decimal.Decimal, int, float,  | NoneClass, decimal.Decimal,  | The total sum of all inflow transactions for the last week.  | value must be a 32 bit float
**max_outgoing_amount_1w** | None, decimal.Decimal, int, float,  | NoneClass, decimal.Decimal,  | The highest value outflow transaction in the last week.  | value must be a 32 bit float
**num_incoming_transactions_3m** | decimal.Decimal, int,  | decimal.Decimal,  | The total number of inflow transactions for the last three months.  ℹ️ **Note**: If there are no transactions between the request date and the last seven or thirty days, the value is &#x60;0&#x60;.  If the account has not been open long enough to have the transaction data for a given period, we return &#x60;null&#x60;. For example, if the account has only been open for five days, we return values for &#x60;_1w&#x60; and &#x60;_1m&#x60;, however, the value for &#x60;_3m&#x60; will be &#x60;null&#x60;.  | if omitted the server will use the default value of 0value must be a 32 bit integer
**num_incoming_transactions_1m** | decimal.Decimal, int,  | decimal.Decimal,  | The total number of inflow transactions for the last month.  ℹ️ **Note**: If there are no transactions between the request date and the last seven or thirty days, the value is &#x60;0&#x60;.  If the account has not been open long enough to have the transaction data for a given period, we return &#x60;null&#x60;. For example, if the account has only been open for five days, we return values for &#x60;_1w&#x60; and &#x60;_1m&#x60;, however, the value for &#x60;_3m&#x60; will be &#x60;null&#x60;.  | if omitted the server will use the default value of 0value must be a 32 bit integer
**num_transactions_1m** | decimal.Decimal, int,  | decimal.Decimal,  | The total number of transactions analyzed to determine the risk insights for the last month (incoming and outgoing).  | if omitted the server will use the default value of 0value must be a 32 bit integer
**max_incoming_amount_1w** | None, decimal.Decimal, int, float,  | NoneClass, decimal.Decimal,  | The highest value inflow transaction in the last week.  | value must be a 32 bit float
**mean_outgoing_amount_3m** | None, decimal.Decimal, int, float,  | NoneClass, decimal.Decimal,  | The mean outgoing value of all transaction in the last three months.  | value must be a 32 bit float
**num_transactions_3m** | decimal.Decimal, int,  | decimal.Decimal,  | The total number of transactions analyzed to determine the risk insights for the last three months (incoming and outgoing).  | if omitted the server will use the default value of 0value must be a 32 bit integer
**mean_outgoing_amount_1m** | None, decimal.Decimal, int, float,  | NoneClass, decimal.Decimal,  | The mean outgoing value of all transaction in the last month.  | value must be a 32 bit float
**max_incoming_amount_1m** | None, decimal.Decimal, int, float,  | NoneClass, decimal.Decimal,  | The highest value inflow transaction in the last month.  | value must be a 32 bit float
**sum_incoming_amount_3m** | None, decimal.Decimal, int, float,  | NoneClass, decimal.Decimal,  | The total sum of all inflow transactions for the last three months.  | value must be a 32 bit float
**max_incoming_amount_3m** | None, decimal.Decimal, int, float,  | NoneClass, decimal.Decimal,  | The highest value inflow transaction in the last three months.  | value must be a 32 bit float
**sum_incoming_amount_1m** | None, decimal.Decimal, int, float,  | NoneClass, decimal.Decimal,  | The total sum of all inflow transactions for the last month.  | value must be a 32 bit float
**sum_outgoing_amount_3m** | None, decimal.Decimal, int, float,  | NoneClass, decimal.Decimal,  | The total sum of all outflow transactions for the last three months.  | value must be a 32 bit float
**sum_outgoing_amount_1m** | None, decimal.Decimal, int, float,  | NoneClass, decimal.Decimal,  | The total sum of all outflow transactions for the last month.  | value must be a 32 bit float
**mean_outgoing_amount_1w** | None, decimal.Decimal, int, float,  | NoneClass, decimal.Decimal,  | The mean outgoing value of all transaction in the last week.  | value must be a 32 bit float
**num_transactions_1w** | decimal.Decimal, int,  | decimal.Decimal,  | The total number of transactions analyzed to determine the risk insights for the last week (incoming and outgoing).  | if omitted the server will use the default value of 0value must be a 32 bit integer
**sum_outgoing_amount_1w** | None, decimal.Decimal, int, float,  | NoneClass, decimal.Decimal,  | The total sum of all outflow transactions for the last week.  | value must be a 32 bit float
**any_string_name** | dict, frozendict.frozendict, str, date, datetime, int, float, bool, decimal.Decimal, None, list, tuple, bytes, io.FileIO, io.BufferedReader | frozendict.frozendict, str, BoolClass, decimal.Decimal, NoneClass, tuple, bytes, FileIO | any string name can be used but the value must be the correct type | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)

